<ui:composition
        xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
        xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
        template="/WEB-INF/template/main.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="main">

        <b:container>
            <div>
                <!--                <h:graphicImage value="/res/img/about_us.jpg" height="100" width="100" />-->

                <p>Fluke parrel gangway tender clap of thunder carouser fathom bilge water draft loaded to the gunwalls. Parrel
                    clipper keel me capstan Jack Tar fire in the hole poop deck six pounders fire ship. Furl bowsprit tender
                    hogshead cutlass scuppers pressgang lad Gold Road Jack Tar.</p>

                <p>We are a company that values our customers, we are aware of how much important is their privacy.
                    That's why we developed a secure system with top-notch tech and crypto. By using our advanced system,
                    you'll be able to create, manage, inspect, grant and remove your users and their respective roles.
                    Our system offers a visual client web application and a REST API to access and manage your users.</p>

                <p>Bowsprit rope's end smartly chase hulk fore Jack Tar cog quarter dead men tell no tales. Handsomely aft port
                    rigging run a rig hempen halter splice the main brace keel barque Sink me. Furl cackle fruit snow interloper
                    Pirate Round Sail ho poop deck square-rigged Privateer crack Jennys tea cup.</p>

                <p> Provost code of conduct interloper Jolly Roger chase Corsair case shot topmast coffer barque. Crack Jennys tea
                    cup hempen halter lee loot swing the lead starboard broadside warp mizzen keel. Tackle code of conduct skysail
                    stern scallywag dance the hempen jig hardtack long boat keel crow's nest.
                </p>

                <h5>Credits:</h5>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="https://icons8.com/icon/7MKbImdxwKZc/brand">Brand</a> Icon by Icons8</li>

                    <li>Photo by <a
                            href="https://unsplash.com/@danny144?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm&amp;content=creditCopyText">Dan Nelson</a> on
                        <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/privacy?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
                    </li>

                    <li>Photo by <a
                            href="https://unsplash.com/es/@cytonn_photography?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText">Cytonn Photography</a> on
                        <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/terms?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
                    </li>

                    <li>Photo by <a
                            href="https://unsplash.com/@jasongoodman_youxventures?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText">Jason Goodman</a> on
                        <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/about-us?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </b:container>


    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>